MM-31132 app/server: add pprof endpoint (#4449)
mattermost/docs: source/deployment/metrics.rst

Installing Prometheus
----------------------

> 1. `Download a precompiled binary for Prometheus <https://prometheus.io/download/>`__. Binaries are provided for many popular distributions, including Darwin, Linux and Windows. For install instructions, see `Prometheus install guides <https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/getting_started/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `Download a precompiled binary for Prometheus <https://prometheus.io/download/>`__. Binaries are provided for many popular distributions, including Darwin, Linux, and Windows. For install instructions, see `Prometheus install guides <https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/getting_started/>`__.
```

> 1. `Download a precompiled binary for Prometheus <https://prometheus.io/download/>`__. Binaries are provided for many popular distributions, including Darwin, Linux, and Windows. For install instructions, see `Prometheus install guides <https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/getting_started/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `Download a precompiled binary for Prometheus <https://prometheus.io/download/>`__. Binaries are provided for many popular distributions, including Darwin, Linux, and Windows. For installation instructions, see the `Prometheus install guides <https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/getting_started/>`__.
```

        static_configs:
          - targets: ["<hostname1>:<port>", "<hostname2>:<port>"]

> Replace the ``<hostname1>:<port>`` parameter with your Mattermost host IP address and port to scrape the data. It connects to ``/metrics`` using http. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the ``<hostname1>:<port>`` parameter with your Mattermost host IP address and port to scrape the data. It connects to ``/metrics`` using HTTP. 
```

> 3. In the Mattermost System Console, go to **Environment > Performance Monitoring** to set **Enable Performance Monitoring** to **true**, then specify the **Listen Address** and select **Save**. See our `configuration settings documentation <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#performance-monitoring>`__ for details. After enabling performance monitoring, restart the Mattermost Server.

Reviewer 2: We don't need to restart the app anymore 🕺 
```suggestion
3. In the Mattermost System Console, go to **Environment > Performance Monitoring** to set **Enable Performance Monitoring** to **true**, then specify the **Listen Address** and select **Save**. See our `configuration settings documentation <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#performance-monitoring>`__ for details.
```

.. image:: ../images/perf_monitoring_system_console.png
  :scale: 70

> 4. To test the server is running, go to ``<ip>:<port>/metrics``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To test that the server is running, go to ``<ip>:<port>/metrics``.
```

.. note::

>   A Mattermost Enterprise Edition installation with an E20 license is required to connect to ``/metrics`` using http.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A Mattermost Enterprise Edition E20 license is required to connect to ``/metrics`` using HTTP.
```

  Jobs where the runtime is less than the Prometheus polling interval are unlikely to be visible because Grafana is performing range queries over the raw Prometheus timeseries data, and rendering an event each time the value changes.

Standard Go Metrics
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The performance monitoring feature provides standard Go metrics for HTTP server runtime profiling data and system monitoring, such as:

- ``go_memstats_alloc_bytes`` for memory usage
- ``go_goroutines`` for number of goroutines
- ``go_gc_duration_seconds`` for garbage collection duration
- ``go_memstats_heap_objects`` for object tracking on the heap

.. note::

>   Profile reports are available without a Mattermost Enterprise Edition license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Profile reports are available to Team Edition and Enterprise Edition users.
```

> To learn how to set up runtime profiling, see the `pprof package Go documentation <https://golang.org/pkg/net/http/pprof/>`__.  You can also visit the ``ip:port`` page for a complete list of metrics with descriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to set up runtime profiling, see the `pprof package Go documentation <https://golang.org/pkg/net/http/pprof/>`__. You can also visit the ``ip:port`` page for a complete list of metrics with descriptions.
```

.. note::

>   A Mattermost Enterprise Edition installation with an E20 license is required to connect to ``/metrics`` using http.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A Mattermost Enterprise Edition E20 license is required to connect to ``/metrics`` using HTTP.
```

> Standard GO Metrics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Standard Go Metrics
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The Prometheus integration provides standard GO metrics for HTTP server runtime profiling data and system monitoring, such as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Performance monitoring feature provides standard Go metrics for HTTP server runtime profiling data and system monitoring, such as:
```

- ``go_memstats_alloc_bytes`` for memory usage

> - ``go_goroutines`` for GO routines

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ``go_goroutines`` for number of goroutines
```

- ``go_gc_duration_seconds`` for garbage collection duration
- ``go_memstats_heap_objects`` for object tracking on the heap

.. note::

  Profile reports are available without a Mattermost Enterprise Edition license.

> To learn how to set up runtime profiling, see the `pprof package GO documentation <https://golang.org/pkg/net/http/pprof/>`__.  You can also visit the ``ip:port/metrics`` page for a complete list of metrics with descriptions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn how to set up runtime profiling, see the `pprof package Go documentation <https://golang.org/pkg/net/http/pprof/>`__.  You can also visit the ``ip:port`` page for a complete list of metrics with descriptions.
```

> .. note::
> 
>   A Mattermost Enterprise Edition installation with an E20 license is required to connect to ``/metrics`` using http.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note::

  Profiling endpoints are available using http in ``ip:port`` page. The ``ip`` and ``port`` needs to be specified with ``MetricsSettings.ListenAddress`` in the configuration file.

```
